# Meeting Agenda
Group: OhiMarc
Date: 2018-10-15
Chair: Victor Johansson
Participants: Thomas Li, Gustav Albertsson, Alexander Sandberg, Mathias Forsman, Victor Johansson

## Objectives (5 min)
* Discuss what to do with changes suggested by the “Inspect code” option in Android Studio
* Discuss schedules, what times can the group meet to work together?
* Discuss what we are going to do this week, SDD/user stories
* Discuss the final presentation


## Reports (15 min) 
* Got questions answered by Ayberk
   * Our code coverage is sufficient (>90%).
   * Got some definitions from the SDD template explained, ask Alex if there are further questions.
   * Got directions for what our diagrams in the SDD should cover.
* Finished user story #11 (Gustav).
* Cleaned and commented some parts of the code, some parts are still left (Everyone).
* Worked on the SDD and UML diagrams (Everyone).
* Fixed code after removal of presenter interface (Alexander).


## Discussion items (35 min)
* Who should do the changes suggested by “inspect code”?
* Which parts of the “inspect code” result should we look at? Android, Java, Spelling, XML?
* What days are we able to work together to write on the SDD?
* What are we going to do this week?
   * What user stories are we going to complete?
   * What other things needs to be done, SDD?
* How are we going to perform the presentation? Slides? Demo?


## Outcomes and assignments (5 min)
Outcomes:
* Ideally, the person who wrote the code with the issues, should be the one responsible for applying the suggested changes.
* We should focus mainly on fixing issues regarding Java and XML, then spelling errors and Android-related issues.
* We can meet on Tuesday 2018-10-16, from 13.00 onwards to work on the SDD. We will also work Wednesday between 15:00-17:00, as well as Friday after the group meeting.
* We will do the following this week:
   * We will finish Achievements and Cloze (#12) notes user stories.
   * We will complete the UML diagrams, the 4 diagrams for each packet and one that describes how the 4 packets interact.
   * Will continue to write on the SDD so that it is near completion.
   * Fix visual issues:
      * Wrong card colors in EditDeck, should be white cards
      * Wrong deck colors in AddRemoveDeck, should be white decks
      * Wrong logo, should be the one sent in Slack. (logo.png)
* Presentation: 
   * Have some premade users with some Decks with different Notes in them and have some statistics.
   * Talk briefly about MVP
   * Show the diagram of how the different packages interact. Show an example for one feature, for example add a note, 1 presenter, 1 view and parts of the model.
   * Talk about persistent storage, why we choose to do what we did.
   * Talk about the security in the app.


Assignments: 
* Ensure that landscape mode can’t be enabled in the app (Thomas)
* Write a user story for achievements. (Everyone)
* Implement user story #12 Cloze Notes (Thomas, Mathias, Gustav)
* Implement user story #15 Achievements (Victor, Alexander)
* Run “Inspect Code” and implement changes (Everyone)
* Write on the SDD (Everyone)
* Work on the UML diagrams (Everyone)


## Wrap up
Next meeting will be on Friday 19 October 2018-10-19, 13:15
